How's it going?
won
Great boy
All the good things in my family have been ruined by you
I'll kill you.
Hey, oh, oh.
Son this
Why did you faint?
blame yourself
Blame me
How to go
Thank you for the bridge today
If it weren't for you
I may be about to marry the royal family
That's right.
Are you really going to Master Qin's birthday party?
To be the protagonist in Hangzhou
You have to go.
All this resentment
It's time to understand
So are you going to take soldier Levin?
I think so.
Or is it more reliable for Tianshi to go down the mountain and purple glass species?
Don't worry, I have absolute confidence in Ice Cracks
No matter what, I will support you.
Teacher Fang, you go first, I don't
Strong, you can make it easy for me to find you. Why are you here?
You have the nerve to say
You're in big trouble, you know?
Master Qin knows that you insulted him
I want to settle accounts with you
Master Qin is very angry
The consequences are serious. What?